Fang Chen
I spent 50 million to hire you as my bodyguard
The kind that never leaves
Pardon me?
Xiao Yueyan, what are you crazy about?
50 million can hire bodyguards for the entire city of Luhai
Grandpa won't allow you to mess around
Xiao Family Becomes the Largest Shareholder of Allure Group
Roll call for me to be president
I spent 50 million on a bodyguard
Who else needs permission?
Oops look at him
How about this?
I have no concept of language for money.
fool
Staying with me will keep you safe
Does that mean you can take a shower without leaving?
For the bodyguard
I said yes.
See you later
It's the other way around.
Can't watch it anymore